doc: improve documentation on argument validation (#56954)
nodejs/node: src/README.md

}
```

> <a id="Argument validation in public APIs vs. internal code"></a>
> 

Reviewer: We don't need a custom id if we don't link to it
```suggestion
```

### Argument validation in public APIs vs. internal code

#### Public API argument sanitization

> When arguments come directly from user code, Node.js validates them at the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When arguments come directly from user code, Node.js will typically validate them at the
```

Softening just a bit given the fact (as called out further below) that there are places where we perform the type validation in c++
